update api (#459)
dotnet/interactive: src/dotnet-interactive-vscode/README.md

This extension is currently **_in preview_**. [Visual Studio Code Insiders](https://code.visualstudio.com/insiders/)  is required.

> The api is still under design and the extension might not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_The Visual Studio Code notebook support that this extension uses is also in preview and design is ongoing, so the extension might not work._
```
